Hassan's passion for life has faded he's
one of thousands of Palestinian child
victims of Israel's indiscriminate
bombing campaign he used to enjoy
playing football before an Israeli
attack caused him his lack his cousin
says he's in constant
pain his leg is always sore I try to
comfort him but he's always sad and
doesn't want to play with us come on
Hassan play with us good boy I love him
so much but when the pain comes he
starts to
cry Hassan lost Consciousness after the
bombing in his shock and confusion he
believes he will get his leg back and
one day we'll be able to play football
again he keeps looking at me in surprise
he doesn't realize what's happened to
him when I ask him about it he replies
he went to the hospital his leg was
operated on but he keeps asking when he
will get his leg
back Fatima has also survived a
traumatic ordeal she was trapped on the
Rubble of a building for hours her ankle
was crushed under the concrete slabs her
family took her to the hospital but it
had run out of stabilization kits the
little girl waited days for the surgery
and infection set in even though doctors
tried to save her leg it was too
late before the injury Fatima was the
cutest very clever and active she
enjoyed going to the nursery and playing
with other children since the injury
it's like her Flame has been
extinguished she doesn't laugh anymore
she doesn't speak to anyone her
neurological pathways are damaged and
she can no longer Express
herself the euromat human rights monitor
says Israeli attacks have injured nearly
20,000 Palestinian children in Gaza many
have severe burns or have lost limbs it
also estimates 25,000 children have lost
one or both parents and about
700,000 have nowhere to call
home these children are retrieving their
school books from the rabble Israeli
bombs have damaged or destroyed their
schools and the force displacement has
interrupted their
lessons there isn't much left for
Palestinian children like Fatima to
build a future thr R Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer